Link Java, JavaScript, and Python migration guides (#3694)
chainguard-dev/edu: content/chainguard/libraries/python/overview.md

## Hash verification when migrating to Chainguard Libraries

> For a step-by-step walkthrough of moving an existing project to Chainguard Libraries, see the [Python migration guide](/chainguard/libraries/python/migration/). This section covers hash verification, one part of that process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a step-by-step walkthrough of moving an existing project to Chainguard Libraries, check out the [Python migration guide](/chainguard/libraries/python/migration/). This section covers hash verification, one part of that process.
```

Reviewer: try to avoid "see" when possible
